Tonight, on Kitchen Nightmares,
Gordon travels though
the California desert
and doesn't exactly find
an oasis.
This has to be one of the worst
restaurants I've ever seen
in my entire
cooking career.
The food is wretched.
- This is outrageous.
- Sticks to your  hand.
Oh, God.
The restaurant is a mess.
It looks like somebody
peed on the ceiling,
The walls, the doors.
Could be throw-up.
The owners are clueless.
Why would you open a restaurant
if you'd never worked in one?
'Cause we're insane.
And the chef
is a ticking time bomb.
What part of that don't you
frickin' understand?
Ready to explode.
It's a bad
in' day, pal.
Bad day?!
Enough?
Could this be the restaurant
that leaves Gordon with
more questions than answers?
I don't know
what's wrong with you,
I don't know what's wrong
with you, and I
don't know why they ing
even opened a restaurant.
It's desperate times
in the desert,
Next, on Kitchen Nightmares.
Maybe that's the secret
success behind this place.
Burn the  thing
down.
Lancaster, California,
70 miles
north of Los Angeles,
is home to Casa Roma,
the oldest restaurant
in the city.
How's your pizza, guys?
In spite of having
Absolutely
no restaurant experience,
Nylah and her son Jeremy bought
this failing landmark restaurant
with the hope
of turning it around.
Two-and-a-half years ago,
I was in real estate.
I was sitting around looking
at business opportunities
and I found Casa Roma.
I talked my oldest son
into getting in with me,
and had we have known
the restaurant business
very well
we probably
wouldn't have done it.
We gotta get
this place turned.
Soon.
Me and my mom thought
we were buying a restaurant
with a bar attached to it.
You guys gonna
sit in the dining room or--
We're gonna
go in the bar.
Okay.
But, really,
this was a bar
with a restaurant
attached to it.
My bar does all my business.
It's like
two different countries.
Our bar is always packed,
and the restaurant
sits empty.
In food, on a good night,
I'm making $175.
On a slow night,
I'm making $9.00.
I'm just asking--
I don't want any
of your in' drama.
That's bull,
and you know it.
We've had almost 20 chefs
over the last 2 1/2 years,
but I've had Drew for a year
and Erick for almost six months.
Erick's a huge reason
why Casa Roma isn't doing well.
Not one table!
Not one table's had
their food yet.
He lacks getting the food out
in a timely fashion.
And his food is very bland.
I'm gonna need
five chicken breasts.
I'm good at this.
I'm good at it.
Do I make it look fancy?
Can I put pine trees
and stuff in it?
That's not what I do.
I make the food taste good.
It's presentable.
And it's like, ",
that's pretty damn good."
Erick and I do not
get along in the kitchen
because he doesn't
produce very well
and he expects me
to do everything.
I need every ing one
of my pans right now.
We totally are in dire need
of chef Ramsey's help.
Because there's something
that's got to be turned around
about this place.
Because it definitely
is a nightmare.
If I closed down,
I don't know what I would do.
I raised four boys
and ran a home my whole life.
Ahem, five years ago,
I got a divorce.
And then I bought
this place 2 1/2 years ago,
and it kind of
took up the...
The time.
I don't care about
getting rich from here.
I just--it would be nice
to pay my bills, you know,
and have some--some extra money
at the end of the month.
"Casa Roma, since 1958."
This restaurant's
nearly 50 years old,
and by looking at the sign,
it shows.
Time to find out
what it looks like inside.
Hi.
How are you?
Oh, hi!
Nice to see you all.
Nice to meet you.
Is it Nylah?
I'm Nylah.
Good to see you.
This is my son, Jeremy.
Jeremy, how are you buddy?
Nice to see you.
Now, this is, uh,
very cozy.
No windows anywhere?
No, not in
the bar part.
We have a restaurant
part over there.
In terms of business,
I mean,
the bar's obviously busy.
Our bar's always busy.
Bar's always busy?
Always.
Nice.
It's our restaurant
we can't get going...
Mm-hmm.
To save our lives.
What restaurant were you working
in before you got here?
I wasn't.
He wasn't.
I work
in the grocery store
and he works
carpet cleaning.
Grocery store
and carpet cleaning.
I know.
Is that blood down there?
What is that?
No, just dirt.
Oh, just dirt.
Dirt.
And, just out of interest,
with no previous
restaurant experience
anywhere,
why would you
open a restaurant
if you'd never
worked in one?
'Cause we're insane.
So, um, I think
it's about time
I had a little taste.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Where's the dining room?
Right through here.
Right through there.
, that carpet
is disgusting.
I was so excited when
Chef Ramsay walked in the door.
It was like, "Wow, I can't
even believe he's here."
I thought,
"Well, here we go.
He's gonna see the nightmare
I'm really living."
What is it?
Crusty bits of lime, lemon.
And bits of tissue...
On my table.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm well, thank you.
Good.
I'm Ashley.
Ashley, like to see you,
darling.
I'll just give you those.
They were on the table.
And little bits of lime
back from 1958.
Oh...nice.
Down the side of the bottom
of the chair, sorry love.
That's okay.
Excellent.
These seats.
I feel like--I mean,
I know I'm not exactly
the smallest,
but I feel like
I'm just gonna...go through.
Is that normal like that?
No, it's not.
I'll fix it in a minute.
Um, "Casa Roma--
Fine Italian Dinning."
Dining.
Oh.
Or is that just
an Italian spelling?
Weird.
Anyway, um, I'll start off
with stuffed mushrooms, please.
Stuffed mushrooms.
The monte cristo,
I'll go for that as well.
Monte crisco.
Yeah, I'm hungry
as you can see.
And finally, I'm dying
to taste a pizza.
A Casa Roma deluxe.
What size would you like?
Yeah, let's go for a medium.
Medium?
Yeah.
Thank you, darling.
You already got it?
Leave this damn
ing thing open.
Hey, I got a big order.
People say, "Well, he's
a five-star Michelin chef."
Okay, so he's got
four tires and a spare.
Kiss my.
It means nothing to me.
The  blinds here
are disgusting.
Oh, my God.
Why are you
hiding there?
We're trying to see.
Have they brought
any food to you?
Yes, I found some limes
and lemons
dehydrated down the side
of my, uh, chair.
And bits of, uh,
tissue left on the, uh, table.
Do you have
a cleaner in here?
Yes, we do.
Is she blind?
Probably.
Hey, you're not
doing nothing right now?
I'm cleaning up
our stuff before--
Get me a glass of ice water,
please.
An ice water?
Yeah.
Nylah, can I have
an ice water, please?
Way to go.
Two?
She's standing
right there.
Oh, my God.
It's, um...zero for zero.
15 minutes in--nothing.
I'm starving.
We got some appetizers
coming, right?
What?
Appetizers coming?
It's cooking.
Here's what snapped.
Damn.
We gotta get rid
of all these dirty dishes.
This is killin' me.
That's better.
A proper seat.
Just turn that one.
Turn.
It's done.
No, it's not--turn it!
Why is the kitchen
so slow?
Somebody wants me,
I'm out back.
Past the half hour mark
now so, hey.
Things are looking,
uh, hmm, a bit low.
Hmm.
Well, you got your
appetizers being made?
Nope.
Hey, what about
appetizers?
They're all cooking.
You wanna start
on those pizzas then?
Just relax.
Take a chill.
I might as well keep fit
and do something,
hadn't I now?
Go for a jog--
got a marathon coming up.
Nothing wrong with
working off a lunch...
When you get it.
Do you have anything
on that last order ready?
What's that?
Anything on that last order
ready or close?
No, we put everything
up at one time.
We're just waiting for
the sandwich and the pizza.
Have you got
one thing close?
You want me to start--
If you got one thing close,
lay it out.
Okay.
Don't know why the
you wanna do that, but okay.
Okay.
We got the appetizers--
Oh,.
Okay, great.
I was nodding off then.
Huh?
I was nodding off.
I know, I saw that.
Thank you, my darling,
and that's stuffed with crab?
Right.
Lovely.
Thank you, my darling.
You're welcome.
Wow.
Soggy.
Tasteless.
There's no crab
or any form of flavor
or texture or anything
in there.
What worries me
more than anything,
they're just full of water.
How is everything?
Uh, yeah, pretty vile.
Um, are they frozen,
the mushrooms?
Um...they should be
making them fresh.
Really?
Yes.
Didn't work.
I told you.
The, um...
Stuffed mushrooms
that he got,
he could definitely tell--
he said that it tasted
like it was frozen.
And he didn't like those
at all, either.
Deluxe pizza.
What is that thing?
What's that sandwich?
That's an ugly sandwich.
Yeah, no.
I'm not worried
about him.
Just see what he's got.
If he wants to bitch
and moan, that's his drama.
Here's the deluxe.
And here's
your monte crisco.
Thank you.
Is that powdered sugar?
Yes.
On the sandwich?
With fries?
Yes.
Is that popular?
No.
It's actually dripping.
Fat.
Ew.
When Chef Ramsay squeezed
the monte crisco
and all that oil came out,
that really disgusted me.
That was very disgusting.
Pizza.
Maybe the best
is for last.
Unfortunately...
the dough is raw.
So thick...
It's like wallpaper paste--
raw.
Oh, my God.
And that's why...
Clearly, there's nobody
in the restaurant.
Because only people that can eat
this kind of
are the ones in the bar...
Drunk.
After a long wait
in an empty restaurant
For some horrible food,
Gordon gathers the staff...
So you're the sous chef
and you're the head chef?
To discuss the nightmare
that is Casa Roma.
Lunch.
Absolutely embarrassing.
The fried sandwich...
What planet are you on when you
put that  together?
Casa Roma celebrates
its 50th year this year.
Yeah, I mean, what a
embarrassment.
Erick, you knew
I was coming for lunch today.
I didn't know when you--
whose you were.
I said, "Which one is his?"
They wouldn't tell me.
Ashley...
You never asked which one.
And it shouldn't matter
If it was him or her
or whoever.
It doesn't matter.
I came here today, yeah,
to taste your best.
Like any chef would do
when they go into each other's
restaurants, yeah?
I'm not here to ing
catch you off guard.
So cut the  excuses
and give me some  respect
for the restaurant alone!
It was a bad
ing day, pal.
Bad day?!
Now you're pushing it.
Enough.
I get it.
We understand.
A bad day?!
Yeah,  happens.
You never had a bad day?
I do have bad days,
all the time.
I'm obviously
having one today.
Just relax,
take a chill pill.
Reload and do it again.
What the big problem is
with you, Erick,
you've accepted it.
In your opinion only.
What?
What part of that
don't you frickin' understand?
What do you mean
"frickin' understand"?
Yeah, what part of that
don't you understand?
In your opinion only.
I haven't accepted it.
Yeah, and I
ed up stuff.
Yeah, , so I try
and reload and redo it.
There was nothing edible.
Why are you
walking away, Erick?
Coming up
on Kitchen Nightmares...
This has to be one
of the worst restaurants
I've ever seen
in my entire cooking career.
Gordon takes on
an incompetent staff.
Damn it, am I the only one
that in' works here?
You haven't got a clue
what's going on.
You're running around
crazy.
We're spinning around.
I need the door closed.
And just when Gordon thinks
he's seen the worst of it...
He goes where
he's never gone before:
the bathroom.
Look at that.
That's coming up
on Kitchen Nightmares.
Appalled by the food,
Chef Ramsay's little chat
with head chef Erick
didn't exactly
go over well.
Lunch.
Absolutely embarrassing.
What planet are you on when you
put that  together?
Why are you
walking away, Erick?
I was in awe when Erick
talked to Chef Ramsay like that.
He's coming here
to help us out.
Don't be rude to him.
You got two minutes?
Two minutes?
I've got a week.
I'm not gonna give you
no excuses at all.
All right?
Long days.
Haven't been
feeling 100%.
But I'm here anyway.
You do what
you gotta do.
You work to try
and get these people better.
Let me reload and we'll
see what we can do again.
Okay, I think we got
caught flat-footed.
But I get to reload
one time.
I won't get caught
flat-footed again.
You can bet your ass
on that.
Sicilian Parmesan?
Is that what we're writing?
Yep.
C-e-c--
S-a-n.
Sicilian what?
That's right.
That isn't even how
you spell Sicilian.
Doesn't anybody
know how to spell it?
That might
be Celian.
Sicilian's from Sicily.
Really?
'Cause S-i-c-i-l-y.
I don't think there'd
be a "y."
No, it's i-n.
Sicilian.
There we go.
Thank God you guys
sawthat.
Uh, do you work here
or you just bypassing?
Come round,
so we can say hello.
This is...
Jimmy.
And what do you do?
Um, I'm the son
of the owners.
I said what
do you do?
Little bit of everything.
Uh-huh.
Just try and help out.
You're--what's that
in there?
Cranberry juice.
Cranberry juice?
Mm-hmm.
Nice.
Little vodka.
Vodka and cranberry juice?
Yes, yes.
So you drink and work
at the same time.
No, I don't work.
Oh, you're not working?
No, no.
Okay, right.
So what do you do then
outside of here?
What's your job?
What's your career?
I do construction.
Construction.
Operate heavy machinery.
Okay, so no one's
got any cooking
or restaurant experience?
No, no.
Ah.
Not at all.
Excellent.
Hey, guys.
How you doing?
Put your chair here,
and I'll put one on the end.
I'm having
the chicken parmesan.
He's gonna have the chicken
nuggets and fries.
Okay, I got
calamari to start,
and then kids' chicken nuggets
with fries.
Excuse me?
Do you have any questions
about the order?
Kids spaghetti alfredo,
shrimp scampi.
Chicken parm.
Marinara--okay.
Erick, you want me
to saute, man?
You want me to saute?
Erick and I do not
get along in the kitchen
because we don't really
communicate very well.
Would you prefer
working on your own?
Mm, sometimes, yeah.
I can tell.
Why is that?
'Cause you're not
saying anything.
Just doing
what I gotta do.
Yeah. Oh, dear.
Here's your
stuffed mushrooms.
You're welcome.
You dig in.
Is it cooked, you think?
Yours--no.
You send that back.
This sausage
is not done.
Erick, this sausage
isn't done.
I ain't got time
for this.
It looks like
it's frozen.
I'm sorry
about that, guys.
Working here
is life for us.
It's what pays our bills.
And to know that the cook
is keeping us
from making money,
it's hard on us.
What was wrong
with the calamari?
Uh, what happened to
the calamari that's come back?
They said that it tastes
like it was frozen.
Is this normal?
Yes.
Yeah.
What can you do?
Drew, I need 1, 2, 3, 4,
5 chicken breasts, Drew.
Erick doesn't ever really push
to get it done.
He just keeps telling me,
"Oh, it's okay, I got it.
Everything's gonna be fine."
But it's not.
Did you get the lasagna,
Drew, or no?
Damn it, am I the only one
that in' works here?
It's an hour
into dinner service,
and several appetizers
are getting sent back
to the kitchen.
Yeah, that can...
go back.
And only one table
has received its entrees.
That's probably the worst
shrimp scampi
that I've ever had
in my entire life.
Let me take it back to the chef
and explain it to him.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Okay, guys, listen.
Worst shrimp scampi
they ever had,
and they said
no flavor at all.
Well, what can you do?
Get me some water, Jimmy.
When food comes back
like that
with the shrimps,
you never taste it?
You know,
what can you do?
I've never seen two cooks
so far apart from each other
up until now.
I get frustrated, but...
I try not
to get angry at people.
You know?
Everybody says
I'm  anyway.
So why should I
perpetuate the problem
that's not necessary?
But you need help.
If you don't get help,
we're gonna be in the
The next 10 or 15 minutes, no?
Is it really
8:30 already?
It's true.
We've been here
for two hours,
and we haven't even
got our food?
Is this normal?
This is  normal.
This...is incredible.
Right through those doors
has to be, to me,
one of the worst restaurants
I've ever seen
in my entire cooking career.
The chef doesn't
give a.
The owner's
completely clueless.
And not any form
of communication
between the kitchen,
the restaurant,
and the management.
It's a  shambles.
What are you waiting on,
Ashley?
I'm still waiting on...
Chicken piccata
with penne marinara,
an individual kids'
pepperoni pizza,
a half order of
spaghetti with meat sauce,
eggplant Parmesan
with angel and meat,
chicken piccata,
angel with marinara,
three chicken parms,
and a veal parmesan.
For just one table.
I felt like crying,
'cause it was
that embarrassing for me.
Erick.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, can I have
your undivided attention?
Sure.
Nothing's happening.
We've served one table of four,
one table of two
for the last three tickets,
half the order's gone out,
half is still on the board.
You haven't got a clue
what's going on.
You're running around
crazy.
What chance have we got
serving 1, 2, 3,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8 tables?
You asked for one more crack
at lunchtime.
"Let me go, big boy.
Let me go, I wanna do it again."
We're spinning around
and serving.
Do me a favor.
Close the ing
restaurant.
I can't stand any longer
and watch
that embarrassment.
As of now,
we're not gonna be
serving any more
dinners tonight.
I need the door
ing closed.
Forget it!
All right.
We're done
for the night.
This is a joke, guys!
Forget it!
Good night!
What restaurant
stops their business
and tells everybody
that they have to leave?
There's no excuse.
At a point in the service
when more food was being
returned than sent out...
I need the door
ing closed.
Gordon shut down
the restaurant...
As of now,
we're not gonna be
serving any more dinners
tonight.
And confronted the chefs about
the problems in the kitchen.
This is a joke, guys!
Forget it!
Good night!
It's now time for the cold,
hard facts
With owner Nylah.
I don't even know
where to start
with a 50-year-old chef
that can't even
cook something basic.
Why are you employing
a chef that is that incompetent?
Darling, he's not
in the slightest bit interested
in ing
making it work.
He doesn't give a
about his cooking.
Doesn't give
a  about you.
And he's here for one thing
and one thing only:
paycheck.
money.
And the only restaurant
that in' guy
will ever get a job
is in a restaurant that
doesn't have any customers.
If you've got any chance
of surviving here,
get rid of him.
What are you scared of?
Talk to me.
Nothing.
There's gotta
be something.
Where am I gonna--
I need to find another chef.
So Drew,
what's wrong with Drew?
Drew, I think,
can carry it off.
So get rid of him.
Okay.
Let's go.
me.
Un-ing believable.
Hey.
Come here.
I'm sorry.
I know.
No, you don't know.
I feel bad.
Just wait a minute.
Jeremy, come here.
I feel bad.
I feel real bad.
But the whole thing is,
this isn't the first time
you've let us down.
I don't know
what's going on.
I just can't do it.
I don't know
what's going on.
I just can't do it.
I know, but I can't do it.
Erick, I gotta make--
you guys get your
paycheck every week.
Jeremy and I never
take a dime out of here.
We understand that.
I know, but I mean--
the whole thing's
just not gonna work.
Because you--
Okay, so what
do you wanna do?
I--we're
gonna part ways.
Okay, no problem.
Okay.
Damn it.
I got a in'
bad deal.
He couldn't pull off lunch,
couldn't pull off dinner.
And so...
We just had to let him go.
I can't, you know,
I can't do this.
With head chef Erick gone,
Gordon is hoping
sous chef Drew
can rise to the occasion.
That was a tough one
tonight.
Oh, very much so.
Yeah, yeah, very tough.
Don't get down
in the dumps.
Tonight was...
clearly,
at its best.
But...you don't need me
telling you that.
'Cause that
was embarrassing.
Very much.
Yeah, is that
how you run it?
Hell, no.
Good.
Tomorrow we go again.
Thank you.
I need you.
All right.
Yes?
Thank you.
Good night.
I'm glad Erick's not
in our kitchen anymore,
because maybe it'll give me
an opportunity
to step up and do something.
Okay, that was embarrassing.
Not only a bad morning,
but a bad evening.
For every plate
we put out there
this evening,
we were losing what little
reputation we had left
to salvage this place.
What chance would we have of
getting all those tickets out?
There was no chance.
To put it bluntly,
that chef--
possibly the worst chef
in America today.
To quickly put a man like that
out of his misery
is the biggest favor
you've done for him
and the restaurant.
Okay, tomorrow's a new day.
I've got Drew.
That's what I've got left
to work with.
What's his strengths?
Uh, I would
say pizzas.
Calzones.
Um, his lasagna is awesome.
All right, Drew
is the only saving grace
I've got there.
I'm gonna work with him
tomorrow.
I'm gonna be
by his side tomorrow
to start from scratch.
Okay?
Good night.
Thank you.
I think Drew will step up.
And I think if he gets
some confidence behind him,
I think he can do it.
Last 24 hours is one of
the toughest days ever spent
in a restaurant.
Last night, we did
get rid of the chef,
which was a positive move.
Now I need Drew
to step up to the mark
and Jeremy to support
his mother more.
I got here
early this morning,
so I'm gonna check out
the place properly
with no interference.
Where do you start
in a place like this?
Roast beef.
Dating back when?
And what in the hell
is that there?
Just meat defrosting.
Again, no sign
of what it is.
Fresh Parma ham.
It's caked in mold.
This is outrageous.
Look at it.
It sticks to your
ing hand.
It's that rancid.
Ugh.  Hell.
That's just over
three months old.
God.
after witnessing one
of the worst kitchen walk-ins
he has ever seen,
Gordon moves on to an area
outside the kitchen
that restaurants
are judged upon:
The bathroom.
One of the best ways to check
the hygiene of any restaurant
is always through
its bathrooms.
Turn that on
and turn the lights off.
Right.
This could be quite scary.
Oh, my good God.
Green and yellow identifies
bodily fluids.
Any form of bleach
or any form of cleaning
will be identified
through the color blue.
But the bodily fluids on here
is extraordinary.
Look--as high as the ceiling.
Oh, my God.
Even the ceiling's
caked in it.
Oh, my God.
This is shocking.
"Wash your hands."
Yeah.
Honestly, I've seen enough.
Let's get the
out of here.
Disappointed by the state
of the restaurant,
Gordon is concerned about
the family's commitment
to its own restaurant.
Right, got in early
this morning.
It's like a new day,
and...
I'm somewhat...
not just confused,
but disappointed, yeah?
Come with me.
Let me show you something.
How old is that?
Uh, Tuesday.
Tuesday?!
Aw, come on, guys.
How old is this?
Well, hold it
and smell it.
Touch it!
It's sticky.
Uck.
Let's come outside.
The walk-in is just
rubbish, really.
It looks like.
It's horrible, it's old.
It's probably about as old
as Erick.
This is the killer for me!
Pass it round.
It's three months old!
And then, look,
only in California.
What...In the
is that?
Made me sick.
I hated to see it.
We talk about cleaning out
the refrigerator,
making sure things are clean
all the time.
And, to my surprise,
they aren't.
Nylah, the state
of that fridge in there
confirms whoever's
running this place
in terms of kitchen management
has given up.
They don't give a
about you
And they don't give a
about standards.
I went into the bathroom.
And that's where
it got worse.
I need two minutes with you.
Okay.
You start
taking that out, yeah?
And, hey,
get a bin,
and get every ounce of dirt
out of there.
Having a dirty refrigeration
unit is one thing.
Having a filthy bathroom
is something that
scares the hell
out of me.
This thing here
detects body fluids.
Just have
a look at this.
That's body fluids up there?
That there
has got nothing to do
with any form of cleaning.
Look at the  state
of this.
Green, green, green,
green, green.
Here's where it
gets really scary.
How the hell
did it get up there?
It looked like somebody may have
peed on the ceiling,
the walls, the doors.
You know.
Could be throw-up.
It made me sick--I didn't even
want to touch the doorknob
coming out myself.
Bring your son in, yeah.
I'm not going in there.
My God.
This is body fluids.
Body fluids on the ceiling?
Uh-huh.
People are peeing.
Up on the ceiling?
Well, maybe.
As Nylah shows her sons
the bathrooms,
Gordon's inspection continues
at the kitchen prep area.
What in the
is going on here?
It just shows
that there's no bleach.
You know, these walls probably
haven't been washed.
Oh, God.
What in the
are they?
Look at that there.
Holy bleep.
Jimmy!
People ing
on the ceiling.
What?
What is that?
I supposed
it's meatballs.
Good God.
Have a look.
Those are from
Super Bowl Sunday.
Super Bowl Sunday?
Yes.
What is that?
That looks like
raviolis.
What?
Soaking in water.
Uck.
I need to start
stepping up,
taking the reins,
taking control.
And doing what I need to do.
My big worry is
this is not
difficult to spot.
You could spend ten minutes
after every night's service
behind the bar,
walking through
the kitchen,
and turning this place
upside down.
And you don't need to be
a  rocket scientist
to understand
that this place
is in desperate need
of support.
Before I go any further,
I want the in'
place clean.
me.
After a full day of cleaning,
Gordon realizes
that if there is any chance
of relaunching
this restaurant,
he has to turn his attention
to Chef Drew.
Drew, right now,
I want you and I
to go and cook some pizzas.
And I'd like Jeremy
and Nylah to taste them.
I've got a little
trick up my sleeve.
This is a secret
between you and I.
Okay.
Okay, I wanna find out
if they can actually
tell the difference
between a frozen pizza
to something freshly made.
That goes in.
Okay.
Array of ingredients.
Fresh, vibrant, exciting.
Let your imagination go wild
and create
the ultimate pizza.
Okay? Let's go.
Who's the chef
of this place?
I guess I am now.
That's right.
While Drew creates his own
signature thick-crust pizza,
Gordon is preparing a special
thin-crust pizza
that will be
on Casa Roma's new menu.
Lovely.
Working with Chef Ramsay
Was, like,
one of the best things ever.
Like, oh, my God,
I just worked
with a world-class chef.
Frozen pizza.
And yours.
Right--ready?
Uh-huh.
Nice.
Okay.
So two nice pizzas.
We're gonna be
looking for a verdict
on both these.
I mean, I like this one.
Mm-hmm, good.
Same.
Jeremy, pick one
as well.
Yeah.
I'm so glad you chose
that one there.
Because this one here
was frozen,
cheap.
I was shocked when Chef Ramsay
told me the one pizza
was frozen.
'Cause I thought it tasted
a lot like our pizza we have.
The good news is,
both of you know your pizzas.
Now let me get you
my pizza.
This is a thin crust.
I like this too.
These two...
Mm-hmm.
Are the type of pizzas
that should be on your menus.
We are gonna
relaunch this restaurant,
and we're gonna
shout from the rooftops
how good these pizzas are.
I'm happy.
Well done.
Very nice.
In order to transform
Casa Roma,
Gordon and his team
needed a full day
to turn this broken-down
Italian restaurant
into a contemporary pizzeria.
Nice to see you guys.
How we feeling?
Nervous!
Nervous.
Nervous?
Just have a look
at the new decor
of the outside
of the new Casa Roma.
Take off your blindfolds!
Wow!
Nice, new colors.
The concrete jungle
is gone, yes?
The Italian flag.
We've got the most amazing
Casa Roma Pizzeria.
Oh, my God.
But look at the windows.
It felt like we were
in prison before.
Now it's more inviting, yes?
Are we ready to see
the new interior?
Let's go.
Come through.
Come through,
come through, come through.
Come through.
Ohh, look at this!
Oh, my God!
I was shocked beyond shocked.
It looked like a bright,
new pizzeria.
We got a nice, new,
dry pizzeria.
Carpets are gone!
The booths have gone!
Chairs realigned.
New colors.
I love it.
And the restaurant has been
painted from top to bottom.
Oh, look
at those floors!
I know!
No more hideous rugs.
No more carpets to clean.
Just nice.
Come through.
Look.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
Look at these new chairs.
The bar has been sanded
and stained twice, rather nice.
And now we have
a theme coming through, yes?
We were trying to be
fine dining,
and then we had the bar,
and it was like
two different countries.
Now it's all
blended together
and we're one big pizzeria
and everybody can come
and have fun now.
This place needs
to celebrate its 50th year
with a comeback.
We are gonna hold
the first annual Casa Roma
Pizza-eating Contest.
Yeah, thank you.
I love this.
Mwah!
I'm glad
you're happy.
Thank you so much.
In recent years,
The community's perception
of Casa Roma
is as a bar with an inferior
Italian restaurant attached.
Gordon knows this restaurant
now has to reintroduce itself
as the new happening
pizzeria in town.
Thank you very much indeed.
Welcome to the first-ever
Casa Roma Pizza-eating
Challenge.
Excellent.
It was great to see that many
people supporting us today
And actually getting out
and being part of the relaunch.
Okay, contestants,
are we hungry?
Yes.
Are we ready?
Five minutes.
On your marks, eat!
Let's go!
Come on, guys!
Take some water, it goes down
a lot easier.
I can't do it.
Come on, Jimmy!
I can't eat that much.
Jeremy is substituting
for Jimmy!
Squoosh 'em in, come on!
Piz-za! Piz-za! Piz-za!
3, 2, 1.
Stop! Yes!
We have a winner,
ladies and gentlemen.
Congratulations to Jose!
The pizza-eating contest
was definitely a fun way
of spreading the word
that Casa Roma has changed.
There's a new look to it
and there's a new menu.
Give it up, please.
Round of applause,
ladies and gentlemen, yes.
Four hours prior to relaunch,
Gordon goes over
the new dishes.
This is doable, uncomplicated,
Nothing frozen,
and freshly home-baked pizzas.
Wow.
Chicken wings,
served with
a cherry pepper sauce.
Stuffed mushrooms,
for the house specialty,
bruschetta--simple.
Look at it.
It's a lot more condensed, yeah?
It's cooked to order,
it's fresh.
Okay, good.
Get familiar with the food.
Have a little taste.
The menu is easier,
it's lighter.
It's more sufficient.
It should be great.
That was good, huh?
That's crazy.
Tonight...
Honestly,
for me is one of
the most important nights
in 50 years.
We gotta make our mark.
- Yes?
- Yes.
Absolutely.
Tonight's the night.
Tonight is definitely
the night.
Coming up
on Kitchen Nightmares...
Drew is put to the test.
It's like a loaf
of ing bread in there.
Can he handle the heat
in the kitchen?
Andrew...
Stop pushing me
and just chill!
- Can do.
- Oh,.
Or will relaunch dinner
go up in flames?
This is unbelievable.
That's coming up
on Kitchen Nightmares.
God bless Casa Roma.
Let's go, yes?
How are we all
doing tonight?
Thank you.
Drew!
First order on.
Most important--let's go.
I wanna shine
for Chef Ramsay today.
And it would be silly not to
because I have the best
opportunity ever,
that I've ever had
in my life, actually,
to show that I
can handle it.
We got our setup
for the mushrooms.
Yep.
Wings.
And garlic powder.
So we're ready.
Good.
Hi, guys.
How you doin'?
Are we ready to order?
For relaunch dinner,
Drew has Nylah's son Jimmy
assisting with calzones
and pizzas.
Put the dough on
and stretch it all the way out
till it's even with that.
Jimmy had to be back there
to be solid
and pick up the pace
a little bit.
He's never done that before.
Try not
to make love to it,
and you'll
make it happen, okay?
We're working on the calzones
right now, please.
The wings.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'll be right back
with the other two.
That is not done.
These aren't cooked.
So get--
get her back here.
The whole evening started,
and everybody was in a rush,
and all of a sudden
food was going out cold.
Drew, they complained
that these chickens
are bloody in the center.
They're not even hot.
Quick refire.
Oh, man, I was
rather embarrassed
when the chicken came back.
I was like,
"Oh, come on, not--
We're not starting
like this, you know?"
Here you go.
I gotta relax
and not try to rush things
that take time.
That is the second time
she's brought that back
and that is...underdone.
they're raw.
Again?
Yeah, they're raw.
Let's just go
for a house salad.
Okay.
It was extremely
embarrassing.
Chef Ramsay was
completely disgusted,
as well was I.
- Me.
- Same  table.
That's the second
bowl.
Look at me.
They gotta go in the pan
and in the oven.
They're not even
hot in the center.
What's going on?
Not good enough.
Come on.
Once is a ing joke.
Twice is just disgusting.
No rush.
On the wings.
I'm just trying
to tell everybody.
Just keep workin'.
I don't know what the hell
that thing is.
Jimmy, this is your first
attempt
at a calzone, ever,
and it's the worst one
I've ever seen.
But it's cooked.
Look at the size
of the ing thing.
Is that for two?
It's a large.
The calzone ishuge.
You could probably feed
about five people with it.
Jimmy...
Yes?
The calzones, yeah,
are huge, yeah?
Be careful of the size.
Oh, look
at all the cheese.
I thought I had
a large.
We should have just
got one of those.
We could
feed the station.
This is huge.
Cut down the size
of the calzone, yeah?
That can fill an entire
football end zone.
Look at the size of it,
yeah?
We want them coming back
for more, yeah?
Your other ones are better.
I need some form
of quality control,
guys, yeah?
It's like a loaf of ing
bread in there.
Most important thing here
is standards.
Slow down and pay attention
to detail, yeah?
Has this pizza
been started yet?
No, it just got up there
in the window.
You wanna go ahead
and take that order
and start looking at it?
It's coming, because
he ed up
And he had to make
another one.
It's a calzone.
He's getting beat up over here.
Just take a deep breath.
Stop pushing me
and just chill.
You're making me hurry up
I can't have
Anything to  do with.
Go for it.
This is unbelievable.
Drew now is starting to feel
the pressure, and it's showing.
Cracks are appearing--
he's fighting with the owners,
fighting with the chefs.
If he's not careful, this place
is gonna start sinking.
What a way to celebrate
50 years.
Hold on, Jan,
do not take that.
With orders in the kitchen
backed up...
Don't tell me--
change it.
Okay, sorry.
Customers have a lot
of time on their hands.
We gotta pull it together.
We're like this rag
right here right now.
You know?
We gotta pull it together.
Okay, I need a large
deluxe calzone
and a small deluxe calzone.
The mushroom calzone's
fired.
I got the calzone up.
The calzone's in, right?
Yes, yes.
Okay, thank you.
In a dramatic turnaround,
head chef Drew
Has finally taken
Gordon's advice
by taking complete control
of the kitchen...
This is your mushroom
calzone.
And orders are moving out
to the customers promptly.
Drew is doing a great job.
He stepped up to the plate.
I'm real proud of him.
It's good.
Mmm.
That is good.
This one goes to the bar,
right here--thank you.
So nice to actually see
food coming out, fast.
It's pretty good, huh?
I think the new menu
is a huge success,
'cause it's just easier.
Bye, guys!
It was so good.
Yes, I know,
and we're taking it home.
That it, guys?
I pulled it off.
Thank God for Ramsay.
Okay, it was well done.
After a most impressive
turnaround,
Gordon has some final words
for the staff.
I know I put
a fork and a spoon
on the wall, yeah?
But you didn't have to make
the  calzone to match it.
I mean, crap.
What was that,
for a tent top?
Yeah.
Cut them down.
We're here to make money,
not give it away.
Yeah.
Good.
Now you've taken it.
Make it work.
We will.
We're gonna
keep each other
motivated on this.
Considering we have
a new menu,
a new chef, new look,
if we couldn't
make this restaurant work,
we'd definitely be idiots.
Trust me--if everyone
does their bit,
three months down the line,
this place is gonna be rockin'.
My heart's here.
He saw that.
He saw that it's
a dream of mine.
And I just wanna--
I wanna make it live.
What a week.
When I first arrived,
that had to be the worst-ever
Italian restaurant going.
Then we made
some drastic changes--
promoted the chef,
reinvigorated the owners,
and turned this place into
a really nice, classy pizzeria.
I only hope now
Lancaster embraces it.
But one thing's for sure.
That has to be the biggest
ing calzone
I've ever seen
in my entire life.
Holy mackerel.